Addition of Vault and Conjur Use cases (#1261)
accuknox/KubeArmor: getting-started/usecases/cyberark-conjur.md

# CybeArk Conjur Hardening

Conjur manages the secrets required by applications and other non-human identities to gain access to critical infrastructure, data, and other resources. Conjur secures this access by managing secrets with granular Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) and other security best practices and techniques.

 

**Attack points in Conjur:**

CyberArk Conjur when deployed in the Kubernetes cluster stores sensitive information in the volume mount points. In the conjure-oss pod, the Conjur-nginx container stores the sensitive information in the etc/ssl and etc/nginx volume mount points. Conjur-oss container has /conjure-server volume mount point where the sensitive information is stored. In the Conjur-Postgres pod the sensitive information and secrets are stored in the /var/lib/postgresql/data and /etc/certs Volume mount points.

<img src="./../../.gitbook/assets/conjur.png" width="784" class="center" alt="Attack points in Conjur">

> So if any attacker who gets access to these Volume mount points through lateral movements might see this sensitive information and secrets. Also, they can do encryption of the data and ask for ransomware. We can prevent these types of attacks AccuKnox’s runtime security engine KubeArmor. With the help of KubeArmor policies we can protect the access to these volume mount points and deny such attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So if any attacker who gets access to these Volume mount points through lateral movements might see this sensitive information and secrets. Also, they can do encryption of the data and ask for ransomware. We can prevent these types of attacks using KubeArmor. With the help of KubeArmor policies we can protect the access to these volume mount points and deny such attacks.
```

Let's not refer Accuknox here. People know about KubeArmor in this repo :D
